add updates (#1156)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/grouping/sticky-group-header.md

collectionView.EnableStickyGroupHeaders = true;
```

> Here is how the stickey group headers look in single-level groung scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how the sticky group headers look in a single-level grouping scenario:
```
